== README
<h1>MotoGP API Reference</h1>
The data are separated into the following types
<li>Pilots
<li>Teams
<li>Gp Races

<h4>Pilots </h4>
This type of date, returns stats of pilots in MotoGp.
Returns the following data:
<li>Id: The id in BD of each pilot.
<li>Last Name: The last name of each pilot.
<li>Name: The name of pilot.
<li>Number: Returns the number of pilot. Ex: Rossi 46.
<li>Team: Return the current team of pilot. 
<li>Number of races: Returns the nh5ber of races he has competed in MotoGP.
<li>Number of victories:Returns the number of victories in MotoGp.
<li>Number of second:Returns the number of second position archieved in MotoGP..
<li>Number of third:Return the number of third position archieved in MotoGp.
<li>Number of pole position:Return the number of pole position archieved in MotoGP.
<li>Number of fastest lap:Return the number of fastest lap archieved in MotoGp.
<li>Number of championships: Return the number of championships archieved in MotoGP.
<li>Photo: Return an URL with a photo of each pilot.

<h5>Using Pilots</h5>
<li><code>api/pilots/ + name of pilot</code> </li>
<h6>Example:</h6> 
<div class="example">
<code>$.ajax({
				url: "http://localhost:3000/api/pilots/" + "Marquez",
				data: "",
				success: function(response){drawPilot(response)},
				error: function(){console.log("error error error")},
				dataType: "json"
				});</code>
		Returns:
		<div class="jsonResponse">{"id":1,"last_name":"Marquez","name":"Marc","number":93,"team":"Repsol Honda","n_races":42,"n_victory":20,"n_second_position":8,"n_third_position":4,"n_fastest_lap":24,"n_pole_positions":25,"n_championships":2,"url_photo":"://lifethisgame.files.wordpress.com/2014/10/01qatar14mgp_apertura3024.jpg"}
		</div>

</div>	

